Update README.md (#658)
react-bootstrap-table/react-bootstrap-table2: README.md

# react-bootstrap-table2

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/react-bootstrap-table/react-bootstrap-table2.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/react-bootstrap-table/react-bootstrap-table2)  
Rebuilt of [react-bootstrap-table](https://github.com/AllenFang/react-bootstrap-table)

> > Note that `react-bootstrap-table2`'s npm module name is [**`react-bootstrap-table-next`**](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap-table-next) due to the name is already taken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that `react-bootstrap-table2`'s npm module name is [**`react-bootstrap-table-next`**](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap-table-next) due to the name being already taken.
```

`react-bootstrap-table2` separates some functionalities from its core modules to other modules as listed in the following:

- [`react-bootstrap-table-next`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap-table-next)
- [`react-bootstrap-table2-filter`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap-table2-filter)
- [`react-bootstrap-table2-editor`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap-table2-editor)
- [`react-bootstrap-table2-paginator`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap-table2-paginator)
- [`react-bootstrap-table2-overlay`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap-table2-overlay)
- [`react-bootstrap-table2-toolkit`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-bootstrap-table2-toolkit)

> This not only reduce the bundle size of your apps but also help us have a cleaner design to avoid handling too much logic in the kernel module(SRP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only does this reduce the bundle size of your apps but also helps us have a cleaner design to avoid handling too much logic in the kernel module(SRP).
```

Author: Thanks!
